## How do we connect an express server to a MySQL database? ##

To connect an express server to a MySQL database, you need to use the mysql npm package. First, you need to install the mysql package by running `npm install mysql2`. Then, you can use the following code to create a connection to your MySQL database:

```javascript
const mysql = require('mysql2');

const connection = mysql.createConnection({
  host: 'localhost', // the host where your MySQL database is running
  user: 'username', // the username you use to access your MySQL database
  password: 'password', // the password for the user
  database: 'my_db' // the name of the database you want to connect to
});

connection.connect();
```

## What are the question marks used for in the mysql npm queries? ##

In MySQL, the `?` character is used as a placeholder for values in a SQL query. When you use a `?` placeholder in a query, you must provide an additional argument with the actual value to be used when the query is executed. This allows you to create a more flexible and dynamic query that can be used with different values each time it is executed.

For example, consider the following query that inserts a new record into a table:

```sql
INSERT INTO users (name, email) VALUES (?, ?)
```
In this query, the ? characters are placeholders for the values of the name and email columns. To execute this query, you would provide the actual values to be inserted as additional arguments, like this:

```javascript
const name = 'John Doe';
const email = 'johndoe@example.com';

connection.query(
  'INSERT INTO users (name, email) VALUES (?, ?)',
  [name, email],
  (error, results) => {
    if (error) throw error;
  }
);
```
In this example, the name and email variables are provided as additional arguments to the `query()` method, and they are used to replace the ? placeholders in the SQL query. This allows you to create a reusable query that can be used with different values each time it is executed.

## To create data, where on the request can you find a payload from the client (req.?)? ##

In a web application, the payload of a request is the data sent by the client in the request body. In an HTTP request, the payload is typically sent as part of the message body, after the headers.

In the Node.js framework, the request object (`req`) contains a property called body that holds the payload of the request. To access the payload of a request in a Node.js application, you can use the `request.body` property, like this:

```javascript
app.post('/users', (request, response) => {
  const payload = request.body;

  // Use the payload to create a new user in the database...
});
```
In this example, the request.body property is used to access the payload of a `POST` request to the `'/users'` route. This property contains the data sent by the client in the request body, which can be used to create a new user in the database.

## What pieces of info need to be provided to the mysql.createConnection() method? ##

The `mysql.createConnection()` method is used to create a new connection to a MySQL database. To create a connection, this method requires several pieces of information, including the following:

* The hostname or IP address of the MySQL server. This is typically `localhost` if the MySQL server is running on the same machine as the Node.js application.
* The port number of the MySQL server. The default port number for MySQL is `3306`.
* The username and password to use when connecting to the MySQL server.
* The name of the database to use.  

Here is an example of how you might use the `mysql.createConnection()` method to create a new connection to a MySQL server:

```javascript
const mysql = require('mysql');

const connection = mysql.createConnection({
  host: 'localhost',
  port: 3306,
  user: 'user',
  password: 'password',
  database: 'database'
});
```

In this example, the mysql.`createConnection()` method is called with an object containing the necessary connection information. This method returns a `Connection` object that represents the established connection to the MySQL server. You can then use this object to execute SQL queries and perform other operations on the database.

***