## What is a class constructor? ## 

A class constructor is a special method that is called when an instance of a class is created. It is used to initialize the properties of the class, and to set them to the values provided by the caller.

## What does the super method do in classes? ## 

The super method is used to call the constructor of the parent class from within a subclass. This allows the subclass to inherit the properties and methods of the parent class, and to override or extend them if necessary.

## What is Test Driven Development? ## 

Test Driven Development (TDD) is a software development methodology in which tests are written for a piece of code before the code itself is written. This allows developers to ensure that the code is correct and meets the requirements, and to identify and fix any bugs or issues early in the development process.

## What do the describe() it() and expect() methods do in TDD? ## 

- In TDD, the ```describe()``` method is used to group together related tests. This allows you to organize your tests and make them easier to understand and maintain.

- The ```it()``` method is used to define a single test. It takes a string argument that describes what the test is checking, and a callback function that contains the code for the test.

- The ```expect()``` method is used to make assertions about the behavior of the code being tested. It takes the value or expression that you want to test as an argument, and it returns an object that provides a number of methods for making assertions about the value. For example, you can use the toEqual method to assert that the value is equal to a specific expected value.

Here's an example of how these methods might be used in a TDD test suite:

```javascript describe('MyClass', () => {
  it('should have a default value for the "name" property', () => {
    const myClass = new MyClass();
    expect(myClass.name).toEqual('default name');
  });

  it('should allow the "name" property to be set in the constructor', () => {
    const myClass = new MyClass('custom name');
    expect(myClass.name).toEqual('custom name');
  });

  it('should have a method called "sayName"', () 
