## What is ExpressJS? ##

ExpressJS is a web application framework for Node.js, a popular platform for building server-side applications using JavaScript. It provides a set of features and tools for building web applications, including routing and middleware.

## What is a server port used for? ##

A server port is a numerical label assigned to each network service, such as a web server or an email server, on a computer. When a client, such as a web browser, wants to connect to a server, it specifies the server's address and port number to establish a connection. This allows multiple services to run on a single server and for clients to connect to the appropriate service.

## What are the 4 major HTTP verbs? ##

The four major HTTP verbs are `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, and `DELETE`. These verbs are used to specify the action to be performed on a resource in an HTTP request. `GET` is used to retrieve a resource, `POST` is used to submit data to be processed, `PUT` is used to update a resource, and `DELETE` is used to delete a resource.

## What is a request parameter? ##

A request parameter is a piece of information that is passed in an HTTP request, usually in the form of a key-value pair. Request parameters are used to provide additional information to the server, such as a query string in a search request or data to be processed in a form submission. Request parameters are included in the URL of a request or in the body of the request message.

**See Activity 6 notes for the difference between Params & Query**
